foreign [Music]
anyway [Music] [Applause] [Music]
welcome back to satanic initiation this is almond and tonight we're going
to do a little bit of trekking we're gonna
Rouse the dead we're gonna bring him back our chapter tonight is called
arousing the Dead it's very very much like Isis don't you
think that's fantastic I love it I'm going to read a little bit to you and hopefully get some uh
uh get this train going with some initiation subliminal trans trickery
yes tonight on lady Babylon we will
[Music]
fantastic let's not waste your time then we'll get our half hour so we
started taking the poll for those of you who want to see Derek Lambert in
lingerie for a fight club event next Friday where we will all of us put on
the kit of the mean ads we'll wear lingerie and platinum wigs and we will
talk why are we doing this because we're taking back
we're taking back what our ancestors
um what our ancestors pushed anything good anything good in this American
experiment we're doing it we're doing it and we're following that
um and I think in the spirit in the spirit of loving those principles
of Honor um we need to push back for Tennessee and for Texas
where Twisted Sister cannot perform without being arrested
for a felony that's right it's time for us to jump out all those of you men
who for no particular reason would put on lingerie
and a platinum wig um now it's time for us to do it now it's time for us to do it we need to
take back take back taxes so um and why because I suppose it's
because we're just not gonna take it yes yes
fantastic so I'm encouraging Neil and Derek to come next Friday for this event
and I'm gonna let him know who's ahead in the poll Chewie is it yes or is it
absolute it's yes right now just buy a just buy a hair you can answer the
question would you like to see Derek Lambert in lingerie yes or absolutely is
the second response definitely definitely you know yes or more
assuredly yes if you'd like to whatever wherever you stand
um and hopefully we'll have that next Friday I'll keep you appraised to the situation it takes a lot of Courage
[Music] yeah so give us give us that ladies give
us that give us that takes a lot of courage to step up like this next Friday tonight we're going to be
looking at one of the chapters that is in my book on hermaphrodites some of you
just watched the Gnostic informant we talked about drugs
we talked about ancient drugs we talked about it's specific drugs
we talked about verbs that just Express getting high we talked about
doctors using terminology to describe different types
of drugs the drugs that put you in different states we talked about in sales this is one of
the big things getting that God within that possessive
form right this is all induced by the use of drugs all my own by the use of
drugs and we've got to remember we're bathing our fetus think of a fetus
grab this image think of a fetus
growing in a rich
chemical bath that's designed to burn off his
mortality yeah there's a place in your school
it's right in the middle of your head it's called the third ventricle I will meet you there
and we'll meet you in the third ventricle there is a spring there in the
middle of your head called The Water of Life we can access this water
we can access it yeah think of that fetus developing
you take it back into yourself when you perform the sacrifice when that
mother comes to you and gives you that oracular voice of her
daughter and she is on dedicated to the temple she is on the
drugs that will be making her abort and we will be consuming that abortion
yeah people said it's not about drugs
you can't say that bro how long have I been telling everybody here right give me my moment I don't usually
stand back like this but give me my moment I've been telling you people
the people in the Bronze Age were using drugs and not just
uh mild ones either not just ones that give you constipation I'm talking
drugs that are mind-altering phew right big ones how long have I I've
been saying people in the Bronze Age were huge drug users
what happened today they wrote up London uh no New York Times right wrote it up
and it turns out they've got the hair and the hair shows that they were on some heavy psychotropic drugs
right it's not like they just had them when if they're detecting them in the hair that's from long-term use that's a
chronic baby these were chronics [Music] yeah chronics the scythians
I tell you God you gotta love them you gotta it was dyed red it was dyed red
did you see that with everything that you people have been studying and you know I'm talking about you know the
things I can't say that I know right but you people have been studying this their
hair was done it was dark red it was dark red oh isn't that nice
isn't that nice fantastic yeah you know what I'm talking about you're there this
is gorgeous I'm gonna read a little bit to you I'm gonna read a little bit to you yeah would you like to
yeah let's go I'm getting instructions here Chewie I know we gotta jump we
gotta jump Now Grant my drugs the power of arousal which got us and with my
conscious and with my concoctions preserve the germinal semen of Life
established in the Flames of Desire thank you Seneca thank you Seneca that
should get us in the right place there's a good reason ancient witches became experts in the use of sexual
drugs they understood that the manipulation of sexuality was a means of Transport from
the mundane to the magical ancient philosopher studied logic
mathematics and natural science in pursuit of personal Enlightenment clerics read signs of the sky and
prognosticated on their oracular significance in order to avert disaster
and to honor the Gods Statesmen pursued oratory and law in
order to perpetuate the Machinery of ancient governance and as equally valued members of ancient
Society Greco-Roman witches studied the Ecstasy
of sexuality in order to resurrect a bigendered Creator a gyneamorphic God
who was the key to unlocking a multi-dimensional universe
foreign for the young Priestess who serve Gods
such as Hecate priapus and Dionysus
the secrets of the natural world were not just for the theoretical musings of natural scientists these educated women
took an active approach to the cosmos by advancing the notion that the world around them
particularly the human body could be actively manipulated they believed they
were not just Spectators of a cosmic dream but active participants in the progress of the universe's drama
ancient witches were part of a long religion and religious and medical tradition that predates written history
they were a bridge between the shaman of early human civilization and the
philosopher of the classical era the earliest written records of Greek Roman
and Etruscan civilization are replete with drugs and Drug recipes used by
priestesses and witches The Witch's understanding of drugs
predates the written word even the palace records of the Minoans and
Mycenaeans the earliest ancestors of the Greeks to leave written documents they
show an awareness of the use of Botanicals as drugs
it's old you go through this old Linear B and a lot of lists you get a list for
the drugs that they're trading it's right there it's gorgeous you can tell what they're doing right you can tell
what they're doing by the drugs uh have you been to Cyprus did you get the Smyrna you know what
that stuff smells like oh God I can't do this
I can't do this it gets to me just sitting here it gets to me witches were never passive they actively
engaged their disciplined subject matter in order to advance their cause with a
clear unified agenda and laborious training in their Arts ancient which is claimed to be able to harness the power
of the natural world to perform Supernatural Feats their miracles were
based in the reality of sexuality as the witch canadius said in horus's epodes
with my own voice I am able to draw down the Moon I can arouse the dead once cremated I
can concoct drugs of sexual desire I can bring that
they can bring that individual back they can bring that individual back
even after they've been their bodies consumed fantastic love this
they can also make the sex drugs yeah fantastic
makes you wonder about Mary Magdalene doesn't it that Pope
cares that she has sex drugs really she needs to be pardoned Pope Greg the Great
you guys are hilarious the Watchers they always know the best places in the universe
which has accomplished The Impossible by manipulating the mundane they secured
their environments for uh for the tools necessary they scoured excuse me they
scoured their environments for the tools necessary to alter the natural world and they use the act of human sexual
intercourse as a springboard to affect their Supernatural tinkering it's fair
to say that the heart of ancient witchcraft was sexuality there's a good reason that so many ancient spells are
concerned with intercourse which is belief sex was the cosmic magic that
gave them their power drugs let's talk about drugs
the desire to bend nature LED priestesses of hecatee priapus and
Dionysus to the use of potent plant and animal substances these chemicals had
dramatic effects on human physiology
powdered aconite was Lethal in very small doses opium latex from the poppy
mixed with the juices of the deadly nightshade plant cause be numbed ecstasy
there's one for them there's one for the biotech people
be numbed ecstasy you know what they call that they call that the chill
ing ecstasy you can get heated or you can get chilled you know what I'm talking about
you can get heated in the Ecstasy yeah you can get chilled in the Opium
that's how they that's how they expressed it in antiquity yeah you get chilled
one of the drugs used in Antiquity that is entirely escaped the radar of modern
Scholars is snake venom Venom is a various Snake species
were used as medicines Regulators of menstruation and weaponized poisons
don't you love this ladies listen to this if you have a cycle
did you know that you can regulate that cycle did you know that you can flow when you
want to flow did you know you could turn your flow up and down did you know that you can design your
flow yeah turns out you can't listen to what these people are doing that's medicine this is
all coming out of The Midwives right oh God that's the medicine imagine you we
just suffer the effects right and for the sake of trying to
control our our reproductivity we could put the kai Bosh on that we haven't
gotten as far though as to find the drugs that enable you
to control your own Administration that's amazing they call it drawing down
the Moon because that mayonnaise is what the phases that you go through in order to
produce that communion that communion is your
unfertilized um soul yeah that you can abort
yeah if you can fertilize it and then abort it
wow now we're going somewhere now we're going somewhere it's in the
process fetal loving the fetal stuff fetal cells they're doing this in
Antiquity yeah they're doing Antiquity they copied them in the Middle Ages right they would take the bowl out from
underneath the Virgin as she ejaculated and they would give you that
anal applicators yeah
good stuff for Antiquity um recognize the level of sophistication
that you have to have remember plenty that we had in Bible study plenty was
the one saying hey you know they're just showing off these Magi are just showing off they're just really good at these
drugs and you know you've got the one with 50 some remedies in it that's oh God it's good stuff let's keep going
the Greeks and Romans recognize that snake Venoms were potent biologically active substances these Venoms when
applied to the human body cause physiological changes that were readily observable by a natural scientists and
Laban alike and more frequently quite dramatic an elaborate mythology of snake lore
appears in the earliest recorded Greek texts snakes are prisoners Gods Guardians and demons for example the
followers of Bacchus wrap snakes around their heads followers of Pakistan you
remember the followers of Bacchus wrap snakes around their head
right these are Vipers yeah wow
let me be Jesus right let me be Jesus for a second let me give you
Water of Life right out of your head right out of your head
oh God it's delicious you haven't drunk water until you're drunk from the Waters
of Life are you thirsty are you thirsty you're gonna need an antidote you're gonna need an antidote
that's why Nana says would they give them on a cross antidote
antidote it's in the commentary on John love it
love it any episodes by the celebrated Roman Poe Horus
Canadia is presented as a cunning witch involved in the preparation of an
infernal sacrifice that is a ritual sacrifice to the gods
of the underworld as a witch or sorceress Canadia uses
snake venom specifically Viper Venom to prepare sacrifices for Slaughter vipers
produce a Venom that affects the ability of blood to coagulate as Predators these
snakes use hemorrhagic Venoms to kill prey but the complex protein toxins they
employ may also help prepare their food sources for digestion
Venom glands and reptiles just evolutionarily develops saliva glands after all and the poisons these
synthesize they synthesize their physiological active when injected
directly into the bloodstream they recognize this you can't eat these things
right that's why you have to have the anal applicator
did you ever wonder why that Priestess walks around with a dildo
yeah yeah that's her wand that's your wand
sometimes they tie you down I don't know it gets questionable there
right several popular mystery religions of Greece and Rome relied heavily on the
use of vipers during the celebrations and the iconography of this particular reptile regularly intrudes into the
literature with our an artistic representations of these same cults within the practices of
these Cults vipers typically appear in the context of oracular transformation that is the Vipers are represented as
agents of maniacal metamorphosis they enable mystery initiates to assume the
madness characteristic of gynomorphic Gods like Dionysus
other snake species also creep into mythological references in very specific ways that reflect the ancient world's
fascination with gender switching and sexual manipulation
remember these witches right and they're developing these dotes
and antidotes and they are focusing upon sexual reproduction right within the big tent
of Midwifery or gynecology oh think of that those of you who are
evangelicals hold your ears those of you who are in Tennessee
Texas shout out to you guys open up your ears for a minute and
listen listen to the fetus being bathed in the Venom
yeah yeah genetic medicine
right for the biochemists out there who know
what those toxins are capable of and how they interact with human hormones
yeah um we've got glorious stuff there glorious potential there's potential for
a whole new form of Medicine yeah I'm gonna ah I'm gonna have a guest on the lady
Babylon tonight and um uh to talk about such you know fangs some genetic
medicine maybe he'll take us to that that spring that I was telling you about
in the middle of your brain oh God it's the Water of Life baby
stars priestesses and sorceresses I've got a little extra time tonight so just
well hang on there um if you don't mind priestesses and sorceresses who pioneered the use of
snake Venoms for the regulation of menstruation foreign
believed in a universe composed of various overlapping planes the ancient
witch's Cosmos is strikingly similar to the Multiverse of modern cosmologists
who study astrophysics which is like Medea Cersei and Canadia believe that
the Universe was divided into three Realms these dimension-like Realms were
given the names Earth Olympus and Erebus according to Greek accounts of the
origins of the universe the three Realms of existence all possess basic elements and unique inhabitants Earth was
believed to be the realm of air the element consumed by Mortals Olympus was
a plane inhabited by gods who breathe ether and Erebus was a realm of demonic
powers these Powers breathe and ingest
dark matter yes that's what they called it that's
not the name that I just made up they called it dark matter cool the Greco-Roman Realms of existence
are very much like overlapping dimensions of reality the inhabitants of each realm are invisible to the other
Realms but can communicate and interact under specific controlled circumstances
witches were most interested in the interactions of Erebus the underworld
with the world of Earthly Mortals that's what they specialized in the
connection of those two realms okay ancient mythographers recorded
Traditions that the gods of Erebus could only visit Earth by Sat by accessing portals or gateways through collapsed
Stars this dark star is picked up across
time um by lots of
not so friendly groups and the process of working through a
darkened star is Central to the work of the Sorceress
you have to capture that wave of space-time distortion that those collapsed Stars
produce okay totally it's too much physics Poindexter
I know I have a hard time too those witches were smart you know you gotta you gotta be a mental
gymnast just to keep up with them it's amazing
due to the fact that these Immortal beings and infertile demons breached
breathed Darkness or dark matter it was necessary to remove or destroy light sources in
order to sanction or sorry to sustain their travel poets like claudian of the
late 4th century taught that the dark matter of Erebus
neither reflected nor absorbed light and thus was incompatible with the Earth
realm where light is abundant when the gods of Erebus visited Earth
they were forced to remain within Dark Matter bubbles that's cool what he
mentions yeah it's a bubble of dark matter in order to sustain themselves
um uh for the transit yeah so dark matter bubbles
this is what we get rights of Apollo that use this right these oracular
practices Under World gateways the power to draw down the stars in
order to open gateways to the underworld became the purview of witches by employing poisons that contain the power
to manipulate the basic elements of the cosmos these witches believed they were
able to enable the gods of the underworld to access the Earth Realm the
element manipulating powers of their drugs manifest themselves by alterations
in sexuality okay quantum
which witches viewed as alterations of the generative power of their
by-gendered goddess their folk they're drawing the
generative power of their goddess you see how this goes back to the you know why Paul the Apostle is walking around
saying you worship nature of course they do you idiot
yeah Paul was not the smartest knife in the drawer you know what I mean
the power to draw down the stars in order to open gateways The Honorable became the purview of the witches
the element manipulating powers of their drugs manifested themselves by alterations and sexuality
their drugs could sexually inflame their victims or stifle their arousal with the
force of cold chill as in seneca's Medea after she Medea called out every sort of
poisonous snake gathered together her cursed herbs she
picked the death dealing plants and milked the snakes of their venom and
mixed them the wild force of fire was in some the power of numbing Frost in
others so this is a good example of our polypharmacy sorry there's a good
example of our polypharmacy we're almost there to the conclusion and
I want you to see the did we are we gonna get cut for this somehow you think
it's okay let's show the mother let's just take ourselves remember the movie that they programmed us with as children
I'm talking to my 40 to 60 demographic the movie they program us with with his
kids you didn't know that it was a giant drug trip did you hit it give us the
witch please please [Music]
please it's always some witch working a
distance like that putting you to sleep with a bunch of poppies
my God man version was growing them uh virginal has a book that talks about
how to grow opium poppies why why is that Augustus was a
dude Augustus was big into the Opium Marcus Aurelius yeah they were loving it
honestly why not [Music] was all legal can you imagine that a
society where all the drugs are legal the only ones that they made illegal and they have
laws against this and Cicero prosecuted somebody for this is if you use a drug
um to cause death you can't use a drug to cause death yeah
yeah so you know can be prosecuted as murder yeah
the purpose of using these drugs was the attraction or liberation of Underworld
deities inner demons that is these witches believe the gods of the underworld were readily available for
the cons for consultation and interference in the activities of the Fates just like our witch right that we just
saw she's putting them to sleep from a distance perfect
bringing them up from the underworld was a prerequisite for forecasting the
future and you say oh wait what yes right look into the crystal ball baby
and see the future Ah that's that Oracle sucking you in you
got the chilling or the burning right okay um
yes the purpose of using these drugs was the attraction or liberation of Underworld
divinities summoning the bigendered queen goddess of the witches was a
necessary step in commanding the forces of the Underworld the realm where all
Mortals eventually end up this powerful goddess hackity and her
masculine manifestations were all guardians of gateways to Erebus which is
summoned hagate with sacrifice in order to access your power to open portals
remember Canadian we were telling you about the witch who was preparing her infernal sacrifice
they would take boys oh God they would take little boys
um you can [Music]
you can do a lot to extract
certain substances right if the witches have figured out which they've known since the Bronze Age that the human body
is a factory for chemicals chemicals that can be used
you know call them elements of the blood seeds of Fire
yeah the seeds of fire all of a sudden the Evangelical turned on for a minute
because he's like what yeah you start to smell the Christos don't you
yeah you do ah yeah where were we where we're controlling Administration right
we're bringing it down to drinking that blood
it's the blood of the sacrifice when you eject
that chemically aborted fetus with the drug the burning purple that
you're using that is our communion those cells
in that concoction are the healing of the nation yeah
isn't that great hmm now you know where you came from ancient priestesses and sorceresses
viewed the underworld as a realm or dimension of the universe accessible through Cosmic portals using their
pharmacological crafts they claim the ability to open these portals for would-be travelers they don't care if
you can see them or not and for those brave enough to consult
the dead wait a minute isn't Jehovah wait where's that Jehovah where are you
are you here mighty mighty Jehovah of the highest where'd you go Jova he hates
this he hates this stuff right he's like don't you go consult these witches
please find my case right these users of drugs do you know why you shouldn't
consult them they can talk to the Dead and it turns out that it works right and
you bring this up bring this up in your church say wait a minute how is this stuff working and it says that they're
drug involving drugs right it's because you as a Christian are not practicing
Christianity I don't care if you're a Catholic or a Protestant I don't care
you are phonies phonies
and how do I say that because I've seen I've seen how the early church practiced
and you are nothing of a mystery you are a fragment of a jaded past
your faith is not the operation of Mystery it never was
yeah you gotta go back to your text people evangelicals where are you in there go
back go back to your text and look at them look at your tags yeah that's what
they need to do which of indoor yeah love it Elijah's
doing that stuff too Elijah's into the drugs bro now he can bring the fire of Uranus
yeah he's he knows what the purple is that
have you been talking I'm talking monkeys right it's not at all difficult
to see why the Bishops of the early Christian Church move the Roman Emperor to declare the activity of witches to be
illegal and prosecutable by execution they're not going to execute Twisted Sister are
they Twisted Sister We're Not Gonna Take It to the great Twisted Sister
let us not take it yes let us not take it the sexual magic
of Greco-Roman which is presented an impediment to the spread of Christian
mystery rights wait what an impediment to the spread of Christian
rights these openly condemned communication
with any of the underworld divinities Church fathers condemn the use of page
of pagan magic but they could not entirely Wipe Out the influence of witches on the Roman population
drugs used by witches to treat gynecological problems had become an important aspect of ancient medicine
just as they are today you see they're fighting about the same thing nothing
changes oh my it's beautiful isn't it the Watchers again let me just tell you
something Watchers they're like these humans man I know I know they call it
the dung Heap Dimension right they call it the dimension of the refuse the
prison some of them call it the prison and that's where we are in a giant prison
this is your punishment yeah yeah this is your punishment
keep them from their sexual magic when they put on the clothes of a woman
a woman do you hear the disrespect a woman you know we all needed dinner we
all need to put on a clothes of a woman yeah supporting our Twisted Sister drugs used
by witches to treat gynecological problems have become an important aspect of ancient medicine killing off
individual witches did not put an end to their broad influence and practices sexuality and Magic
were intimately tied together through the use of pharmaceuticals by doctors and midwives Christianity tried in vain
to wipe out the influence of these ancient witches
yeah fantastic we're in the same we're in the same place today and
um that's why that's why this can be very practical this experience the
satanic initiation can be very practical because we are in a spot we are in a
spot where you may not see they took down the Romans everything
The Offspring of Venus could bring to the world all the beauty
right what happened this week you know what happened somebody got
fired for Michelangelo's David which is what do we
call it is it neoclassical is it drawing upon a class yes drawing upon a
classical tradition the Christians defeated the Romans
they know that the only thing that can stand against them is that Queen
lady Roma they know their own texts acknowledge that it's
her it's her that'll bring the spirit back yeah it's her and guess what she was
celebrated in a mystery through the use of psychotropic drugs
yeah we're gonna have a meeting after this I will send hopefully we'll have a
um fantastic guest tonight talk to us about some neuropharmacology I'm very
much looking forward to it I'm gonna zip my lips at it and listen to some great
musings of some very intelligent people that we're privileged to have time with
yes so thank you for coming to satanic initiation tonight for those of you who
went to Long Haul and watched Neil as well thank you um
I appreciate your time and Hill site [Music]
[Applause] [Music]